Updates to articles to conform to some documentation style. (#344)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/DefiningTests.md

configured with a test target. For help configuring a package to use the testing
library, see <doc:TemporaryGettingStarted>.

## Import the testing library

To import the testing library, add the following to the Swift source file that

> will contain the test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains the test:
```

  building for release, so logic and fixtures of a test may be visible to anyone

>   who inspects a build product containing a test function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  who inspects a build product that contains a test function.
```

## Declare a test function

> To declare a test function, write a Swift function declaration that does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a test function, write a Swift function declaration that doesn't
```
